Fix ctrl-c fails in powershell (#3376)
sharkdp/bat: README.md

the vertical size of the terminal. This is convenient for small files because you do not
have to press `q` to quit the pager.

> The `-K` option instructs `less` to exit immediately when an interrupt character is received.
> This is useful to ensure that `less` quits together with `bat` on interrupt characters.

Reviewer: Maybe let's call it an interrupt signal as opposed to character :)
```suggestion
The `-K` option instructs `less` to exit immediately when an interrupt signal is received.
This is useful to ensure that `less` quits together with `bat` on SIGINT.
```
